Dear Client,

My name is Matthew Fallick and I'm interested in your job sincerely.
I'm a senior full-stack developer with 7+ years of strong experience in developing company products
Your satisfaction would be guaranteed by my proficiency in Flutter and Chrome extension development

With my professional skills and insight, I am confident in delivering a high-quality solution that meets your requirements.

Respecting client's ideas and requirements is paramount to me. I view this opportunity as a chance to expand my experience and cultivate strong client relationships on Upwork. I would be delighted if you reached out to me.

Incorporating my insights into your project, I am supposed to leverage Flutter's versatility to create a Chrome extension that seamlessly integrates with the currently displayed tab

Are there any authentication or authorization requirements for accessing and manipulating user data within the Chrome extension?

Looking forward to your answer
kindly


Hi [Client's Name],

Good day! My name is Dang and I am a React.js developer with extensive experience in creating dynamic and responsive web applications. I have recently joined Upwork, but I come with a strong background in working with major brands like Estee Lauder.

In my previous role at Estee Lauder, I played a pivotal role in developing their blog pages using React.js. During this project, I utilized the react-grid-gallery package to seamlessly display their image content. My expertise with this library extends to customizing its features and understanding its parameters, such as Custom Image Component and Thumbnail Captions.

Given my experience and skills, I believe I am well-equipped to address any needs you may have related to the react-grid-gallery or any other React.js development requirements. I am confident that I can make a valuable contribution to your project and ensure its success.





Good afternoon Maansi,

I am delighted to have the chance to apply for this opportunity. As you can see from my profile, I worked as a senior software engineer at Estee Lauder, one of the largest cosmetic companies in the world.

Regarding this opportunity, I have a deep understanding of E-Commerce platform and extensive experience with PHP. I am very familiar with MVC frameworks like Laravel, Yii, Zend, Codeigniter, and others. Without a doubt, I am capable of fixing any issues promptly and wrapping them up perfectly.

https://www.esteelauder.com

I have a couple of questions
- How many bugs did you face on?
- What is the critical issues in this platform
- Which framework are you using in this project?

Please feel free to reach out
Best,
Dang


Hi,
I'm glad that I met what a perfect match for my qualification and work experience
As a senior WordPress developer with over 8 years of strong experience, I have
developed lots of Wordpress/Woocommerce websites, apps, plugins for clients

Incorporating my professional insights to your project, My suggested timeline is as below and
I'd be appreciated if you take a careful look at it

Up to 2 days
- Listen to CreateOrder and pushes order data to our APIs
- Listen to order delivered, notify our APIs
- The plugin should continue working even if Woocommerce is not installed.
- Make the plugin ready for submission

Up to 1 days
- PCP checks are passed https://wordpress.org/plugins/plugin-check/
- Optional: Make the plugin draggable into Elementor or alternative (to be discussed)


Looking forward to hearing from you and I'm available at any time to discuss further
and start on your project

Best regards
Jared